c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.dll.config
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.pdb
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\obj\Debug\GameTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\obj\Debug\GameTest.dll
c:\users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\obj\Debug\GameTest.pdb
C:\Users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.Model.dll
C:\Users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.Model.pdb
C:\Users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.Data.dll
C:\Users\joao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GameTest\GameTest\bin\GameTest.Data.pdb
